This project was completed by Daniel Friedman and Samantha Ruilova here in partial fulfilment of ECON-UB.0232,
Data Bootcamp, Spring 2018. I certify that the NYU Stern Honor Code applies to this project.

In particular, I have:
Clearly acknowledged the work and efforts of others when submitting written work as our own.
The incorporation of the work of others–including but not limited to their ideas, data, creative
expression, and direct quotations (which should be designated with quotation marks), or para-
phrasing thereof– has been fully and appropriately referenced using notations both in the text and the bibliography.

And I understand that:
Submitting the same or substantially similar work in multiple courses, either in the same semester
or in a different semester, without the express approval of all instructors is strictly forbidden.
I acknowledge that a failure to abide by NYU Stern Honor Code will result in a failing grade for
the project and course.

Project Description
This project analyzes the agricultural industry of thirty two countries in Latin America. Agriculture is of great 
importance to the economy overall. Especially in developing countries, agriculture has a strategic impotance in 
social and economic welfare. Oftentimes, the sector can contribute up to fifty percent to Gross National Income. 
However, the agricultural sector is often not given enough analytical attention. Thus, we decided to analyze this 
sector by assesing the relevant macroeconomic trends and country-specific factors that affect this industry across 
the region.

Specifically, we aim to evaluate any potential correlations between pure macroeconomic factors, such as interest rates, 
and agricultural indicators, such as percentage velue added. We start by finding these correlations on a country-level 
basis (e.g. what's the correlation between interest rates and value added in Antigua and Barbuda?), and then generalize 
our programming to be able to find the average of all correlation pairs in all countries. We will thus be able to compare 
all correlations at once, instead of fishing blindly for factors we believe *might* be correlated.
